# vim-project

> Maintain project state across sessions


## Description

This ensures that windows, buffers, etc. are maintained across editor sessions, by creating a persistent session file that is tied to a specific working directory.

Project session files can either be created explicitly within the project's working directory, or automatically created as temporary files.


## Available commands

### `:ProjectOpen`

Load a project from the current working directory. If no project exists, it will be created.

### `:ProjectClose`

Close the current project

### `:ProjectSave`

Save the current project

### `:ProjectDelete`

Delete the current project file


## Configuration

### `g:project_autoload` (default: `0`)

When opening a directory, automatically look for a project file within that directory and load the session from the project file. If the directory does not contain a project file, look for or create a temporary project file and load that session.

### `g:project_autosave` (default: `0`)

Automatically save the session when exiting. This has no effect if there is no project currently open.

### `g:project_filename` (default: `"project.vim"`)

Filename of project files used by `:ProjectOpen`, `:ProjectSave` and `:ProjectDelete` commands

### `g:project_temporary_filename` (default: `"project-%s.vim"`)

Filename of autogenerated project files, where `%s` will be replaced with the current working directory (only applicable when `g:project_autoload` is set)

### `g:project_temporary_dir` (default: `&directory`)

Comma-separated list of directories to store autogenerated project files (only applicable when `g:project_autoload` is set)


## Autocommands

### `User ProjectOpen`

Called when a project has been opened

### `User ProjectClose`

Called when a project has been closed
